docs: recovery mode (#871)
ubuntu/authd: docs/reference/troubleshooting.md

To avoid these issues, you can use ID mapping. For more information, see
* [Using authd with NFS](../howto/use-with-nfs)
* [Using authd with Samba](../howto/use-with-samba)

## Recovery mode for failed login

If authd or the broker are missing, corrupted or broken in any way, a user may
be prevented from logging in.

To get access to the system for modifying configurations and installations in
such cases, there are two main options:

> 1. Log in as another root user to access the system and fix the problem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in as root user or as a local admin user to access the system and fix the problem
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/ubuntu/authd/pull/871/commits/4d848bc7795c948e0a97cbcea90c3d9a3c09fad0

2. Boot into recovery mode to fix the problem

The steps required for entering recovery mode are included below.

### Boot into recovery mode

> If it is not possible to log in with any root user account, the user can still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is not possible to log in with the root user account or with another administrator local user, the user can still
```

We have only one root user, while the other privileged users are considered administrators.

Author: Correct.

I will do "[...] or with another local user account that has administrator priviliges [...]".

Author: fixed in https://github.com/ubuntu/authd/pull/871/commits/4d848bc7795c948e0a97cbcea90c3d9a3c09fad0

boot into recovery mode:

1. Reboot the device

> 2. During the reboot, press and hold <kbd>ESC</kbd> (UEFI) or <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> (BIOS) 

Reviewer: IIRC right-shift works in both cases.

Author: I have always found it a nightmare to find what the key is when I have needed to use recovery mode. I think many guides just say "SHIFT", which doesn't work if LEFT.

Author: fixed in https://github.com/ubuntu/authd/pull/871/commits/3f67477a58fb4ff9471d603cd0033cba649bf97f

3. When the Grub menu appears select `advanced options for Ubuntu` 
4. Choose `recovery mode` for your specific kernel version
5. Select `drop to root shell prompt`

> 6. Once in the root shell, run `mount -o remount,rw /` to enable read/write access

Reviewer: Is this still required? I think it's default now.

Reviewer 2: yeah remounting read-write is not necessary anymore

Author: Thanks for this. I wasn't aware.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ubuntu/authd/pull/871/commits/d0c3b1b1b2ecb25e3f517588744fa8b4f7f59e10
